feature: Update Quality settings CY-4518 (#760)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories-configure/quality-settings.md

![Quality settings for commits](images/quality-settings-commits.png)

-   **New issues are over:** Commits are marked not up to standards if the number of issues introduced that have at least the specified severity level is bigger than the set value. The default value is 0.

> -   **New security issues are over:** Commits are marked not up to standards if the number of security issues introduced is bigger than the set value. The default value is 0.

Reviewer: for security issues we don't have a default, it is unchecked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **New security issues are over:** Commits are marked not up to standards if the number of security issues introduced is bigger than the set value. By default, this setting is off.
```

![Quality settings for pull requests](images/quality-settings-pull-requests.png)

-   **New issues are over:** Pull requests are marked not up to standards if the number of issues introduced that have at least the specified severity level is bigger than the set value. The default value is 0.

> -   **New security issues are over:** Pull requests are marked not up to standards if the number of security issues introduced is bigger than the set value. The default value is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **New security issues are over:** Pull requests are marked not up to standards if the number of security issues introduced is bigger than the set value. By default, this setting is off.
```
